Before setting up A.P. servers the first thing you want to do is set out time closer to the real time
so that anti-peace synchronizes quicker at the moment.
Ratatouille as an example still believes that it's in the year 2030 Rohtak to isn't the year 2016 and
Rodders three is in the year 2002 before setting time.
However we want to set a time zone and set some time because that will affect the time on the devices.
Someone a time clock and specify a time zone.
This can be any name I'm going to specify GMT in this example.
There is no hours or minutes offset from UTC.
Fortunately it's a lot simpler in the UK because Greenwich is based in the UK and other times zones
are derived from GMT or Greenwich meridian time.
If you are living in the US as an example and let's say you are on the east coast you might specify
East T and the offset would be minus 5 hours east is 5 hours behind UTC or universal coordinated time.
So I'm going to set to GMT as my time zone but what I need to do now is specify summer time.
It's summer at the moment in the UK.
I'm going to specify a name which I'll just specify as British summer.
You can specify when summertime starts and stops by using either a date which is an absolute date or
you can specify a recurring Valley so I'm going to specify re-occurring being the last Sunday in March.
And summit time will start at 1 a.m. and will end on the last Sunday in October at 1 a.m..
So what you'll notice is the time is updated because it's summer time.
So what I've done is
specify the time zone and specify the summer time.
Now what's interesting is these two commands are done in global config on a rota but the clock is set
in privileged mode so the correct time at the moment proximately is 23:19 on the 16th of August 2016.
So show clock shows me that date and time now to simplify things aren't going to copy and paste the
clock time zone and some time into the other rodders
So both rodef T and router 3 are now configured with Summit time and a time zone.
So there we go right to history
and wrote a want to configure it
what I do need to do on both router to and rotatory specify the time
set it to 21 16th of August 2016.
And I'll do that Arata 3 as well.
So there's the clock in rodded 3 is the clock on rodded 2 and there's the clock on Rotto 1.
Now the clocks are slightly out but that's close enough for what we are going to do.
What I want to do is set up rodders 3 now as a A.P.M..
So we would do that by using the command A.P.M. and specifying a straight home level.
I'm just going to specify straught them level of 10 and in this example I'm going to specify the loopback
as the source of time loop packs are good because once again loop back interfaces don't go down.
So show the interface brief.
Shows me that the router has a loopback configured of control 3 and I've specified that a.p use that
as the source of time so show A.P. associations at the moment the local Rodda is associated with itself.
This is just a loopback address on the local Rodda as we can see it's configfs and at the moment it's
synchronised with the monster.
In other words Self show a.p status
we can see that the clock is synchronized with a stratum 10 device which is the local device show a.p
status on Rodda t shows us that a.p is not enabled.
So we could use that come on ATP server and point it to the router three.
And now we can use the command show a.p status at the moment the clock is unsynchronized the local start
to miss 16.
It has no reference clock show a.p associations it has now associated with quadruple three.
You can see that it is synchronized.
So let's look at status again.
There you go the clock is synchronized.
The local Rodda has a strong team of 11 because we configured
router 3 with a strong team of 10.
The reference device is quadruple three.
We can see what the time is and we can see that we using British Summer Time on Broadway one shows the
A.P. status is not configured.
What I'll do here however is tell this Friday to get its time from rodded to Dr. Ahtisaari serratus
who's got a strong team of ten.
This will have Astronomie v 11 and this will have a stratum of 12 Rotto one is getting time from about
a two and router two is getting time from street.
So anti-peace of server to do or to to to to to show a.p status
clock is still unsynchronized let's look at associations at the moment it's configured but it's not
synchronized but there you go it's now synchronized with the master device.
So if we look at the status we can see that the clock has synchronized straught him is now 12.
As expected the reference device is routed to says show clock show clock we can see that the time is
very close between these devices.
Just depends on how quickly I can type.
But we can see that the time is good on the devices the time is very close.
So notice 11:25 11:25 11:25 which is great.
Seconds are a little bit odd because I'm typing a bit slow but you can see that they're very close to
one another.
So that's an example of how to set up an entire server and ATP clients that received time from an A.P.
server right.
Two is acting as an A.P. client and an A.P. server.